[Music]
i'm ton tight twisted around your finger
like a piece of string i'm winded
chasing after your ghost is really
exhausting i'm in love but i don't think
it's what i thought it was supposed to
be a love story no cuts in no glory how
did i get so dizzy thinking of you i
don't usually get
[Music]
well this don't usually get like this
is
[Music]
how did i get so dizzy thinking of you i
don't usually get like this
[Music]
i just wanna kiss
[Applause]
[Music]
like this
love me in spite of my trauma give me
what i need instead of the drama
cause when they pop off it's like oh my
all good all day but the night
we be going so hard on the flip side
[Music]
can we stay happy
now all of
[Music]
but when we get back it's like
but you'd
[Music]
if we on the right side of passion
but if you wanna go insane either way
baby
[Music]
okay i'm admitting that a couple things
i said got acidic in the town in the
presence i get killers long as you know
i come with imperfections when you look
at me you see the soul through my flesh
you something special know you looking
bomb the way you dress it gone flex it
hold it still it let my mind digest you
got the leverage you got the upper
handle on the situation you worthy of a
million more the storms that we weather
we fight retreating then but you
trying to kill the cycle when nobody's
stressing their body like me i know the
way you like it i treat you like a queen
run the castle you're a treasure i feel
like you're setting fire my desire for
the pleasure you a gem got
[Music]
if we on the right
take a drink of my cigarette breathe
[Music]
take a bite
don't let
teach
[Music]
another one
and another one
i think
[Music]
you know it's dangerous
don't let the
[Music]
streak you go
whatever you do
[Music]
i'm a mess
don't know how i got here but i'm
blessed
didn't know it take me past my destiny
you're behind me
with the rest
cause i'm a mess
[Music]
everything you see
like
[Music]
more than
how can i believe
[Music]
how can i believe when everything is
don't
oh
[Music]
how can i believe